{% raw %} <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-rtlsDevice.json.html">RTLS Tag Device Profile</a> </td><td><p>Device resource profile for tags or badges in RTLS workflows</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-rtlsLocation.json.html">RTLS Location Resource Profile</a> </td><td><p>Location resource profile for RTLS workflows.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-rtlsMessageBundleEnroll.json.html">RTLS Enrollment Message Profile</a> </td><td><p>Bundle resource with a type of &quot;message&quot; used in RTLS workflows. This bundle will be used for enrollment.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-rtlsMessageBundleLocationUpdate.json.html">RTLS Location Update Message Profile</a> </td><td><p>Bundle resource with a type of &quot;message&quot; used in RTLS workflows. This bundle will be used for location updates.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-rtlsMessageBundleUnenroll.json.html">RTLS Unenrollment Message Profile</a> </td><td><p>Bundle resource with a type of &quot;message&quot; used in RTLS workflows. This bundle will be used for unenrollment.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-rtlsMessageEnrollmentHeader.json.html">RTLS Message Enrollment Header Resource Profile</a> </td><td><p>MessageHeader resource for FHIR enrollment messages sent in RTLS workflows.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-rtlsMessageLocationUpdateHeader.json.html">RTLS Message Location Update Header Header Resource Profile</a> </td><td><p>MessageHeader resource for FHIR Location Update messages sent in RTLS workflows.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-rtlsMessageUnenrollmentHeader.json.html">RTLS Message Unenrollment Header Resource Profile</a> </td><td><p>MessageHeader resource for FHIR Unenrollment messages sent in RTLS workflows.</p>
</td></tr>
{% endraw %}